Hey, how do you think this moon shadow eye protection lamp is so bright and soft and comfortable at the same time?
I heard what sky model technology Moon Shadow used
It is to restore the natural light of youth
Highlight yellow bird invincible flash
98 high color rendering
uniform light
The most important thing is that there is no blue light hazard
Many people don't know that the blue light emitted by lamps can easily lead to myopia
It's true that many people don't realize that lights are also very blue.
I really want to let go at home
Then buy one
Isn't it just a lamp?
As for? Why not?
Myopia is a lifetime thing
I don't want to tell you with glasses on
This off-road natural light eye protection lamp is really amazing
Well, I'm afraid it's not an IQ tax, right?
Of course I don't believe you, ask Ziliang
Let's put it this way.
Looking at the light
Is it suitable for the sun as natural?
Hmm stare
No pressure at all.
That doesn't mean the room is myopic.
Are you brainwashed?
How is that possible?
Look at so many people in our special training class
Studying is so stressful
How many are myopic?
This is the proof.
It's a pity that there is no one in the Mathematical Olympiad Power Camp
Don't worry, my dad is sponsoring the Math Olympiad Power Camp to improve these lights for my eyesight health.
Let the moon shadow natural light eye protection lamp accompany us to impact the Mathematical Olympiad together
That's fine.